docs: add devmode installation note for ssdd in README (#35)
canonical/rt-tests-snap: README.md

- [rt-migrate-test](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/noble/en/man8/rt-migrate-test.8.html)
- [signaltest](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/noble/en/man8/signaltest.8.html)
- [sigwaittest](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/noble/en/man8/sigwaittest.8.html)

> - [ssdd](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/noble/en/man8/ssdd.8.html) - rt-tests needs to be installed in [devmode](https://snapcraft.io/docs/install-modes#heading--devmode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ssdd](https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/noble/en/man8/ssdd.8.html) - Works only when the snap is installed in [devmode](https://snapcraft.io/docs/install-modes#heading--devmode); see #<issue>
```
